My goodness me, that's my father-in-law and my mother-in-law.
And here they've got chickens and look here, we used to put old sacks and something on the railing to dry after we'd washed them, you know, door mats sort of thing, you know.
So they've got a lot of white chickens there.
Yes, this is all gone now and it's a window, they built it up and it's a window and that's a dining area now at Ashfield.
Since I've come. Lots of changes.
Yes, that's right.
Oh, and these are the Robinsons at Ashfield. Oh, good Lord, yes, that seat is at Ashfield now.
Yes, and that's my husband.
How old is he there?
Well, about three, I think. The Robinsons came to Ashfield during the war from near London and they were paying guests, you see.
And when the evacuees were coming, like these didn't come straight away, but you know, Arthur's parents knew they were coming.
And well, why can't you have evacuees or something, you see, but they knew these were coming, but because there were several bedrooms at Ashfield.
And Annie Poffrey was a sister to the previous owner of Ashfield. She came from the Dufferin in Llanorthal.
So Ashfield, well 1926, well yes, well Arthur would only be 24 then he was born in 1924.
So two years there.
Yes, that's right, yes. There used to be two seats like that at Ashfield, but when I went there there was only one, but that one was still there.
You know, strange shape. They've got interesting shapes at the back to read on.
Indeed.
Oh, this is something that, this is from Bertie Davis. Yes, that's right, yes.
Oh, it's about the Lewin Farm. Oh, that's the prices of the Lewin Farm.
Oh yes, they were doing photography, I suppose, by the look of it.
Well no, well they haven't got any, well it surely was, but they haven't got any rosettes, so they didn't have those.
She's got a posh hat on.
That says it all.
Yes, that's right, yes. Oh, they're at the War Memorial there, yes, that's right, yes.
Oh, that's right, that's gone down memory lane a bit.
You certainly have, Doreen, yes, my word you have.
Yes, that's right.
That's great, thanks ever so much.
Yes, that's right, yes. Well I'll just have a quick look, because I'm picking Doreen Hope up next to you.
My love.
You want to go to the luncheon club?